Update filtering examples by using `_EQ`  and add migration guide (#195)
neo4j/docs-graphql: modules/ROOT/pages/migration/index.adoc

Here is a list of all the breaking changes from version 5.0.0 to 6.0.0.

=== The deprecated `_NOT` filters are no longer supported

The deprecated `_NOT` filters such as:

  - `_NOT`
  - `_NOT_CONTAINS`
  - `_NOT_ENDS_WITH`
  - `_NOT_IN`
  - `_NOT_STARTS_WITH`
  - `_NOT_INCUDES`

Are removed from the schema and no longer supported, to achieve the same result use the logical `NOT` operator.

[cols="1,1"]
|===
|Before | Now

a|
[source, graphql, indent=0]
----
query {
    movies(where: { title_NOT: "The Matrix" }) {
        title
    }
}
----
a|
[source, graphql, indent=0]
----
query {
    movies(where: { NOT: { title: "The Matrix" } }) {
        title
    }
}
----

> |===

Reviewer: this is raised as a separate PR here: https://github.com/neo4j/docs-graphql/pull/194

Author: Yep, specified in the PR description that it was branched from `_NOT` PR,  I have done like this because they modify the same files and it would have been resulted in several conflicts if not!
When we merge the `_NOT` PR will be merged this  all these duplicated changes will disappear!=,

== Deprecations and warnings

=== Implicit equality filters are deprecated

> Implicit equality filters such as: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following implicit equality filters are deprecated: 
```

  - `{ name: "Keanu" }`
  - `{ count: 10 }` 

> Are deprecated in favor of `{ name_EQ: "Keanu" }` and `{ count_EQ: 10 }` respectively and will be removed in the next major version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can achieve the same by using `{ name_EQ: "Keanu" }` and `{ count_EQ: 10 }`.
The deprecated quality filters will be removed in version 7.x.
```
